0 In archery we have something like the way of the superior man. When the archer misses the center of the target, he turns round and seeks for the cause of his failure in himself.  -Confucius
1 In archery we have something like the way of the superior man. When the archer misses the center of the target, he turns round and seeks for the cause of his failure in himself.  -Confucius
2 In archery we have something like the way of the superior man. When the archer misses the center of the target, he turns round and seeks for the cause of his failure in himself.  -Confucius
3 In archery we have something like the way of the superior man. When the archer misses the center of the target, he turns round and seeks for the cause of his failure in himself.  -Confucius
0 Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
1 Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
2 Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
3 Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
4 Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth. -Benjamin Disraeli
0 Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.   -Winston Churchill
1 Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.   -Winston Churchill
2 Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.   -Winston Churchill
3 Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.   -Winston Churchill
0 Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.   -Lao Tzu 
0 Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.   -Lao Tzu 
1 Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.   -Lao Tzu 
2 Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.   -Lao Tzu 
0 Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.   -Lao Tzu 
1 Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.   -Epictetus 
0 Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.   -Epictetus 
1 Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.   -Epictetus 
2 Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.   -Epictetus 
3 Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.  -Byron Pulsifer 
0 Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.  -Byron Pulsifer 
1 Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.  -Byron Pulsifer 
2 Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.  -Byron Pulsifer 
3 Everyone can taste success when the going is easy, but few know how to taste victory when times get tough.  -Byron Pulsifer 
0 Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.  -Usman Asif 
0 Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.  -Usman Asif 
1 Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.  -Usman Asif 
0 Fear is a darkroom where negatives develop.  -Usman Asif 
1 Everything you can imagine is real.   -Pablo Picasso 
0 Everything you can imagine is real.   -Pablo Picasso 
1 Everything you can imagine is real.   -Pablo Picasso 
2 Everything you can imagine is real.   -Pablo Picasso 
3 Everything you can imagine is real.   -Pablo Picasso 
0 Speak low, if you speak love.   -William Shakespeare 
1 Speak low, if you speak love.   -William Shakespeare 
2 Speak low, if you speak love.   -William Shakespeare 
0 Speak low, if you speak love.   -William Shakespeare 
1 Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.  -William Menninger
2 Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.  -William Menninger
3 Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.  -William Menninger
0 Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.  -William Menninger
1 Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.  -William Menninger
0 Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day. -Byron Pulsifer
1 Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day. -Byron Pulsifer
2 Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day. -Byron Pulsifer
3 Today, give a stranger a smile without waiting for it may be the joy they need to have a great day. -Byron Pulsifer
4 Study the past, if you would divine the future.   -Confucius 
0 Study the past, if you would divine the future.   -Confucius 
0 Study the past, if you would divine the future.   -Confucius 
1 Study the past, if you would divine the future.   -Confucius 
0 The only real valuable thing is intuition.  -Albert Einstein
1 The only real valuable thing is intuition.  -Albert Einstein
2 The only real valuable thing is intuition.  -Albert Einstein
3 The only real valuable thing is intuition.  -Albert Einstein
4 When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.  -Harriet Stowe 
0 When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.  -Harriet Stowe 
1 When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.  -Harriet Stowe 
2 When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.  -Harriet Stowe 
Sorry!! No quote found -- 3
Sorry!! No quote found -- 0
Sorry!! No quote found -- 1
Sorry!! No quote found -- 2
0 He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.   -Lao Tzu 
1 He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.   -Lao Tzu 
2 He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.   -Lao Tzu 
0 He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.   -Lao Tzu 
1 Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson 
2 Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson 
3 Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson 
4 Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson 
0 Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.  -Ralph Waldo Emerson 
1 The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.  -Charles Lamb
2 The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.  -Charles Lamb
3 The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.  -Charles Lamb
4 The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.  -Charles Lamb
0 A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. -Goethe
0 A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. -Goethe
1 A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. -Goethe
2 A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. -Goethe
3 A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. -Goethe
Sorry!! No quote found -- 0
Sorry!! No quote found -- 1
Sorry!! No quote found -- 2
Sorry!! No quote found -- 3
Sorry!! No quote found -- 4
0 An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.  -Thomas Fuller 
1 An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.  -Thomas Fuller 
2 An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.  -Thomas Fuller 
